Business objectives
Business objectives are what you aim to accomplish in order to accomplish the vision you have for the company in the future. Having clear goals allows you to achieve your mission statement
And long-term vision for the business. Depending on the organization, these objectives can range from financial objectives to organizational-specific objectives .and also measurable, specific, and time-bound business objectives make for good business. Business objectives can also be a great way for employees to identify their strengths and areas for improvement.
Each business will have specific goals based on its industry, team, product, and financial standing, but they often fall into four general categories.
•	Economic 
•	Human
•	Organic
•	Social

Is it important to have business objectives?
Yes .because having a solid business objective is crucial to an organization’s success.
From that,
1. Employees are kept focused on growth
2. Ensures more effective budgeting and cost control
3. Encourages team cooperation and collaboration
4. Organizes work and responsibilities
5. Market share can be increased


The business objectives of our project
1 profitability – in order to maintain profitability, revenue must remain higher than costs. Making progress toward your company’s overall mission becomes easier when achieving and maintaining profitability. 
2 sustainable growth – you may not see any direct consequence to your business, but demonstrating your environmental consciousness can help you reach the clients you’re targeting.
3 customer satisfaction – customer satisfaction should be the primary objective of the organization. Because client retention and repeat revenue are dependent on good customer service.
4 brand awareness – brands are what customers associate with a company’s product or service, and how one company differentiates from its competitors.  Understanding how customers perceive your brand and how they feel about your brand compared to your competitors is an important part of brand awareness.
5 revenue – by setting revenue-driven goals, you can balance your income and costs to remain in business.
6 employee satisfaction and engagement – improving employee satisfaction is the key to reducing employee turnover. Provide value to team members through competitive salaries, career advancement opportunities, education reimbursement programs, and flexible work schedules. 
7 quality control – businesses that improve their product or services should receive fewer complaints and more positive feedback from customers and clients. In addition, customers will be more inclined to recommend your products or service, which results in a better business reputation, increased customer retention, and increased brand awareness.


